What's going on, brother?

Uh, so one of the things about doing this with me,

doing this offer with us, is you're probably going to get a lot better

at the copy. Uh, so my style,

and you'll learn this about me, is really about just getting them to open

the email, read the email, and say yes if,

if they'd be a good fit for the offer.

We're really not trying to sell them too hard in,

in the initial cold email. We don't even want them to think that they're

being sold to before they open the email.

So the best way to do that is to avoid any salesy

language in that preview text, the subject line and the first sentence of the

email. So what do I mean by that?

What if I could get paid,

what if I could get paid more for taking better care of your patients?

What if you get paid more?

Already kind of sounds like you're about to be sold to without adding extra

work for your team. So you are calling out kind of the value prop

here. But if this were me receiving that email,

I know immediately this is a cold email.

It's just, it's going to go right to my spam folder.

So what you could say instead of this to get them to actually open

the email is how does every cold email start?

Let's start there. Hey, name. Every cold email starts the same way.

So maybe even experiment with that. Let's do my own little version here.

So the goal with the subject line in the preview text is to break

pattern and to think, get them to think that the email is from a

vendor or a patient or a colleague.

And then they open it and they say, they realize that it's not.

But we got to get them to open it. So subject idea.

So we're implementing, uh,

AI into their remote

patient monitoring systems. All

right. So we're trying to get them to just pique their interest about remote

patient monitoring. Did

your patient ask for RPM?

So now it sounds like it could be from,

like, a colleague. Did your patient ask for

RPM? So that, that's something that could potentially work.

Something I would want to test. Let's try just an idea I'm putting together

in two seconds. And then for,

to start the email, instead of, hey, first name,

does this sound familiar?

A

little bit of a pattern interrupt there. You can also go first name,

hey. I don't hate this.

It's just how everything starts. So I,

when I'm writing my own, I prefer to, to switch it up a little

bit. Okay, so does this sound familiar?

Not sure if you are currently offering remote

patient monitoring. In your

practice, are you?

Questions, questions,

questions, especially in that first opening statement,

because it makes it feel like you're, when you see a question,

we want to, we want to answer a question. Okay, so now that we've

got them to open the email, this is what they're going to see before

they actually open it. This is the preview text.

And now we can go into value prop pain point.

If

you have patients with

hypertension, we have an AI powered.

Zero

upfront cost or setup time.

that I think you're going could benefit from.

We are looking for clinics

like yours to participate in our beta.

no costs on the upside.

It

works in the background using

AI to get,

to improve performance. Patient outcomes and

increase your profits.

Can't say profits because that's a blacklisted word.

And increase your bottom line

on full autopilot. Would

it be okay if I sent over some

additional info? So, something simple like this,

uhm, you really have a three-part goal here.

You're trying to get them to open the email. So, preview text is get

them to open. Next, we're trying to get them to read it.

So, there's a couple things. There's a to do here.

You can use sexy phrases like AI-powered,

and you can call out specific things that you,

you think they're going to identify with.

So, in this case, if you have patients with hypertension,

every clinic does, and this is also a prerequisite for the

RPM system to act, for the company to actually work with them,

because that's all they cover right now. So, they're saying,

yes, they do have patients with, uh, hypertension.

Oh, it's an AI-powered RPM system.

Sexy. Um, we're looking for clinics to participate in our beta.

No cost, only upside. And then,

a little bit of a value prop here. Uh,

if we had social proof, I'd add it here as well.

And then, nice open-ended CTA.

Now, always test my stuff against your stuff,

and always test that against what our AI blueprint generator creates.

So now, just a couple notes about your copy,

um, in addition to, uh, not,

try not to be salesy in the beginning here. Uh, MediSync

AI makes it easy. Um, this sounds like an ad.

So, we really want to try and be conversational here.

Um, and they are MediSync AI.

So, uh, kind of talking about the company in the third person.

With the capitalization here, it's a little formal.

I would make it a little bit less formal.

Collect, collect more money is definitely

going to flag spam.

Free is definitely going to flag spam. I don't

love the would you like to see if company name qualifies.

It is an open-ended yes no kind of,

uhm, but it suggests that they might not qualify in a cold email where

we're already emailing them so they should already be pre-qualified.

side. And then kind of same

here. Many clinics lose money every month.

Can't say lute, you can't say money in a cold email.

And this is a dead-giveaway that they're about to be sold to.

Alright so those are my initial notes.

Um, let me know if that's helpful if you have questions about it.

And if you wanna, uh,

uh,

reduce some stuff, and, Send it to me. I'm happy to be more hands-on

on this one, especially as you're getting ramped up. Uh,

hope it's helpful.
